feat: entity rollback resurrection (#351)
epam/ai-dial-admin-deployment-manager-backend: specs/020-revision-rollback/spec.md

### Functional Requirements

- **FR-001**: The system MUST expose a per-resource rollback operation for deployments, image definitions, and the global image-build domain whitelist that takes a target audit revision identifier and restores the resource's persisted configuration to its state at that revision.

> - **FR-002**: The system MUST reject the rollback with HTTP 404 when (a) the resource does not currently exist under the supplied identifier **and** has no recorded state at-or-before the supplied revision — when a snapshot does exist at-or-before the revision the resource is instead re-created (deployments under their original id; image definitions under a new server-generated id, subject to a `(name, version)` uniqueness check — see the respective capability specs), (b) the supplied revision identifier is missing, non-positive, or greater than the highest assigned revision id, or (c) the resource has no recorded state at-or-before the supplied revision. For an in-range revision (per (b)) that resolves to a recorded snapshot, the system MUST resolve the target through Envers's point-in-time semantics — to the resource's state as of the latest applicable revision ≤ the target. This means revision ids that fall in `revinfo` gaps are honoured. The motivating case is Hibernate's pooled sequence allocator, which burns a block of revision ids on every JVM restart and so leaves `revinfo` with gap ids that no transaction ever wrote a row for — the audit UI's "roll back to one before this snapshot" pattern (`snapshotRevisionId - 1`) routinely targets such ids. The upper-bound check on (b) exists specifically to keep typo'd or far-future revision ids from silently resolving to the resource's current state and re-applying it (which on the deployment path would wipe live sensitive env values, and on the image-definition path would spuriously reset `buildStatus` to `NOT_BUILT`).

Reviewer: FR-002 (a) and (c) are now redundant.

After the change:
- (a) fires on "doesn't currently exist **and** has no recorded state at-or-before the revision"
- (c) fires on "has no recorded state at-or-before the revision"

(a) is a strict subset of (c) — any input that satisfies (a) also satisfies (c). The "currently exists" half of (a) no longer carries weight, because a currently-existing resource with no snapshot still 404s under (c), and a currently-missing resource *with* a snapshot is now re-created (handled in the prose, not as a 404 condition).

Suggest collapsing into one clause:

```suggestion
- **FR-002**: The system MUST reject the rollback with HTTP 404 when (a) the supplied revision identifier is missing, non-positive, or greater than the highest assigned revision id, or (b) the resource has no recorded state at-or-before the supplied revision. When the resource does not currently exist under the supplied identifier but a snapshot does exist at-or-before the revision, the system re-creates the resource instead of returning 404 — deployments under their original id; image definitions under a new server-generated id, subject to a `(name, version)` uniqueness check (see the respective capability specs). For an in-range revision (per (a)) that resolves to a recorded snapshot, the system MUST resolve the target through Envers's point-in-time semantics — to the resource's state as of the latest applicable revision ≤ the target. This means revision ids that fall in `revinfo` gaps are honoured. The motivating case is Hibernate's pooled sequence allocator, which burns a block of revision ids on every JVM restart and so leaves `revinfo` with gap ids that no transaction ever wrote a row for — the audit UI's "roll back to one before this snapshot" pattern (`snapshotRevisionId - 1`) routinely targets such ids. The upper-bound check on (a) exists specifically to keep typo'd or far-future revision ids from silently resolving to the resource's current state and re-applying it (which on the deployment path would wipe live sensitive env values, and on the image-definition path would spuriously reset `buildStatus` to `NOT_BUILT`).
```

Author: Accepted — (a) was indeed a strict subset of (c) after re-creation stopped being a 404 condition. Applied your suggested FR-002 text verbatim in e6c42eb, and updated the "Restoring deleted resources" assumption in the same spec to reflect that only the (id-preserving) deployment path drains leftovers.
